Release Candidate 0.19.0 (#1770)
microsoft/vscode-azureappservice: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 0.19.0 - 2020-09-15
### Added

> - Connections support to PostgreSQL accounts through Azure Databases extension

Reviewer: I don't know why, but your existing sentence just sounds awkward to me. How about this

```suggestion
- Connect a PostgreSQL server to your web app through the [Azure Databases extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-cosmosdb)
```

### Changed

> - Renamed "Connections" as "Databases"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed "Connections" node to "Databases"
```
